Sahil!
Okay. bye.
How can you be late today?
Let's hurry.
The last bus will leave soon.
Wait...
We'll get there on time. Soo.
Don't worry.
Uncle. we need a ride
to the Cantonment area.
Come sit. It is en route.
Come on.
Wow. it's freezing!
Love it.
If you keep opening it.
the ice cream will never freeze.
Close it.
Soo. let's just leave it open.
Our home will become Kashmir.
Wow! Genius!
Is your name Einstein Arora?
What's wrong with you?
I'll be walking backwards from now on.
I'm giving Earth a push
and flipping back time!
Stop trying to talk like a grown-up
when you don't even have a mustache yet.
Give me this hand. Soo-man!
Mumma!
What's going on?
Let her go. Sahil.
-You got saved because of Ma.
-Stupid.
She called me stupid. Ammu.
She's right.
Hurry up. darling. It's time to leave.
Yes. Mumma.
I was getting ready. but...
I can't find my earrings.
If I'm late. they'll give my slot
to Deepa.
Wear these.
They look great on you.
I'll put them on for you.
Thank you. Mumma.
I'm so proud of you. darling.
You're my very own nightingale.
-Did that hurt?
-No.
Papa is calling everyone excitedly to say...
our Suman will be singing
on the radio today.
Sweet moment. Ma.
Bye. Soo.
Give my best to Deepa.
You're going with her.
What "give my best"!
No...
The clothes!
Sahil.
But why do I have to go with her
every time?
Mumma. I'll go on my own.
It's not very far.
I don't need this bodyguard anyway.
You are his bodyguard.
He's just going with you
for moral support.
-Come on now.
-Let's go.
The ice cream will be ready by evening.
We'll eat it together.
Taxi fare.
Papa will come and pick you up.
All the best.
Sahil. don't fight.
Okay.
Yes. sir. Have you tuned in?
No. sir. not my son.
My daughter Suman will be singing.
We don't allow Sahil to sing
even at home.
Yes. sir. Okay.
Namaskar. Welcome to "Madhur Geet".
The last song for this evening
will be sung
by our young singer. Deepa Dhanraj.
What!
She's the main performer.
They've probably reserved her
for the last song.
But look at the time.
The program will end soon.
How's this possible?
She was saying. if she's late.
they'll give her slot to Deepa.
-Maybe she was late.
-No.
This was our last song on tonight's
"Madhur Geet".
Thank you.
Suman must have been heartbroken.
She worked so hard.
How could they do this?
I'll go to the radio station
and check what happened.
Get dinner ready.
I'll be back with them soon.
Have you seen Suman and Sahil?
No. Uncle.
They're not here.
Not here?
Have they gone home?
They didn't turn up. Uncle.
We've been waiting since 7:00 p.m.
Then I thought she might be unwell.
But Suman never misses her performance.
Suman and Sahil were together.
Haven't you seen either of them?
Papa is here. Uncle.
I'll leave now. Bye.
Hello?
Mona. are Sahil and Suman back home?
What do you mean?
Aren't they with you?
No. I met Deepa at the radio station.
She said they hadn't turned up.
They must've gotten late.
Did you go upstairs and check?
They were not there.
The radio station had closed by then.
How is that possible?
They never go anywhere
without informing me...
I'll find them. Don't worry.
They'll be somewhere close by.
perhaps at a friend's house.
Or they might be waiting for a bus.
Suman would never miss her performance.
You call up their friends and find out.
I'll check here.
Mrs. Sharma?
I'm Suman's mother speaking.
Are Sahil and Suman at your house?
Hello. Are Sahil and Suman
at your house?
May I speak with Renuka?
Renuka. did you meet
Sahil and Suman today?
Any idea where they might be?
The villain gets to have all the fun.
He gets to screw the heroine.
and gets to screw
the heroine's sister too.
Given a chance. the bastard
would even screw the hero!
Which film are you watching?
Fatso is gonna eat her alive tonight.
And why's that bugging you.
Rajjo darling?
Your life's dry as toast.
Let him enjoy his butter in peace.
Let's go.
Where to?
Just come. bastard.
Want a photo to keep in your wallet.
you bastard?
Or do you want to...
-You...
-Hey!
Ignore him. sir.
He's a loser.
Come on. say sorry to the sir.
Bastard.
It's not his fault. you know.
I feel so bad for you.
God has built you like a truck.
but handed you bicycle parts!
Bastard!
Thieves!
Only six rupees!
Bloody miser!
Bastard is roaming around in a coat
in this heat!
The security guard is here.
Hey. you! Stop!
Hey! Who are you guys?
Where are you going?
Babu!
Babu... help!
Stop. Stop here.
Mutton Curry Bauji is here!
-How much?
-Twelve rupees.
Namaste. Bauji.
-Let me carry it.
-I'll manage.
-How's your daughter?
-She's well. thank you.
Where is Jayprakash?
Dr. B.R. Ambedkar.
N. Gopalaswami Ayyangar.
Muhammed Sadaullah.
Krishnaswami Ayyar.
K.M. Munshi. B.L. Mitter.
and Dr. D.P. Khaitan.
Babasaheb was also the Chairman
of the Drafting Committee in 1947.
You are hell-bent
on cracking the exam. sir.
Ask me the next question. Mr. Javed.
Go on. ask.
Tell me who was the first Speaker
of the Lok Sabha.
I've told you so many times not to...
stub it.
But. Javed. yesterday you said you'd quit.
It's just a cigarette.
he'd quit yesterday.
He will quit again tomorrow.
Of course.
Put these books away now.
He's old enough to get married.
but his studies never seem to end!
You're an intelligent man. Javed.
Knock some sense into him.
Try to understand. sir.
Whatever!
If studying led to promotions.
I'd have retired as a SP
instead of a constable!
Baba. you weren't this regular at the
police station even when you were on duty!
You start coming home
in time for dinner.
and I'll stop coming
to the police station.
The exam is in a few days. Baba.
Plus. there's a lot of work here.
We were planning to order  chole puri
from Lallan's shop.
Go ahead and order now.
It's not too late.
Mishra  ji.  wash your hands
and come join us.
I'm fasting today. Ghanshyam  ji.
Come on. Mishra  ji.
how long will you keep observing fasts?
After you retire next year.
you'll be stuck at home eating
boring potato curry every day.
-Isn't it? Come join us.
-Okay.
"There are other tasks in this world.
besides the breaking of bread."
Well said. Poet Faiz. Well said.
There will always be some task
or another pending. son.
But remember. no man should stay hungry.
nor should he keep others hungry.
Because hunger...
-Drives men to commit crimes!
Try this. It's hot.
Let me serve you.
SI Jayprakash.
Jai Hind. sir.
Yes. Yes. sir.
Yes. sir. I'll keep you updated.
Jai Hind.
What happened?
We have to leave.
Now.
Let's go.
Sir.
I've already spoken to the neighbors.
The father is a high-ranking Army officer.
A war hero in the 1971 war.
The mother is a teacher
at the children's school.
Any reason why they would run away
from home?
From what I've found out.
there was no problem at home.
Okay.
Record everyone's statements.
-Mishra  ji...
-Yes. sir.
Did you get everything on record?
Ashok. the Police team is here.
Mona.
Lt. Col. Ashok Arora.
My wife Mona.
Mr. Arora. ma'am. I'm SI Jayprakash.
Since when have the children been missing?
It's been over four hours now.
They left for the radio station
at around 4:30 p.m.
Suman was to sing
in the 7:00 p.m. program.
But Sahil and Suman
never reached the radio station.
We've looked for them everywhere.
Spoken to everyone we know. but...
This has never happened before.
I don't know where my children are.
Can I have their photographs?
Of course.
Do you remember what clothes
they were wearing today?
Suman was wearing a purple...
A light-purple "salwar kameez".
Jhumkas.  and...
Sahil was wearing an orange T-shirt
and blue denim shorts.
Is anything missing... from home?
Clothes? Money? Jewelry?
Anything at all?
My children have been missing since
the evening. and they aren't home yet!
Don't you get it?
-Mona. he's just trying to do his job.
-What's he implying?
I'm sorry.
We have to ask all possible questions
as per the procedure.
Sir. I hope you understand.
Javed. I want police patrolling
the entire route up to the radio station.
Okay. sir. I'm going to the
Telephone Exchange
to arrange for their
home telephone tapping.
This could be a case of kidnapping.
There could be a demand for ransom.
Don't be scared.
Stay near the telephone.
Two of my men will stay here with you.
If there's a demand.
we'll take care of it.
Jayprakash. right?
We're ready to fulfill any demand.
Just find my children.
Please.
Sir.
Hello?
Yes?
Not them.
I'd told you. Uncle.
Here. drink this.
-Drink. bastard.
-No.
Buzz off then.
Damn.
So. Rajjo?
Wasn't that fun?
Yeah. sure.
it was fun getting our butts kicked
for a measly six rupees.
Bastard...
Hey. Rajjo darling.
why are you whining? Huh?
We almost got caught.
The bloody security guard
has seen our faces.
Seen our faces? So?
You think you're a movie star or what?
Is your poster gonna be all over Mumbai?
Rajjo.
for the last two years...
I've been the one saving your butt
in every fight.
Thank your stars. you bastard.
that you're even on my team.
I'm a fool for falling
for your words every time.
That rat-catcher Mannu was ready
to give me a job to kill rats.
Mannu doesn't even have time
to piss today. he's that busy.
He's even got a bronze medal
for killing 100 rats!
Six rupees.
Bloody six rupees!
Fine. leave.
That's what you're good for. killing rats.
Get out.
Get out. you bastard.
Bastard wants to kill rats.
Get out!
Bloody rat-killer!
Rajjo.
Rajjo. listen...
Rajjo!
At least have dinner
before you leave. my love.
You're right. We need to settle down.
No more petty crimes from now on.
It's time to play a big hand.
Know what. Babu...
take that big hand of yours
and slap me!
Why are you such a wuss?
Learn to live. bastard!
Drink some booze and eat this.
Just enjoy. and leave everything to me.
Just wait and watch.
No light. no water. no grain in sight
Cursed is our fate. yet we sing at night
Happy Birthday! Happy Birthday!
No light. no water. no grain in sight
Cursed is our fate. yet we sing at night
Happy Birthday! Happy Birthday!
Turn off the engine.
No light. no water. no grain in sight
Cursed is our fate. yet we sing at night
Happy Birthday! Happy Birthday!
Hey. where's Raja Bhikhari?
I don't know. sir.
Hungry for ages. not a grain to share
We sleep on empty stomachs
With no home anywhere
Sir. Raja Bhikhari!
Stop. you bastard!
That way. Javed. Catch him!
Catch him. Mishra  ji.
You bastard!
-Hurry up.
-Yes. sir.
Hungry for ages. not a grain to share
Cursed is our fate. yet we sing at night
Happy Birthday! Happy Birthday!
-Happy Birthday! Happy Birthday!
-Been drinking again!
-Move your hand!
-No. sir...
Don't beat him up. sir.
Let him go. sir.
-It's Raja's happy birthday today...
-Shut up!
Or you'll lose your other eye as well.
I'll ask you once more.
Two children are missing.
The boy is 14. and the girl is 16.
Tell me.
God's promise. sir.
I'm a changed man.
You can ask my one-eyed friend.
He's telling the truth. sir.
He fasts religiously every Tuesday.
You bloody lying scoundrel.
Javed. is there any space in Indian jails?
They're full. sir. but we can beat him to
size and fit him in.
No. no. Believe me. sir.
I have nothing to do with this.
Sir. I'm not lying.
I'm a changed man. sir.
I haven't done anything. sir.
Birju!
These guys might be
a part of Birju's gang.
They kidnap children and send them
to work as laborers in Gulf countries.
Sometimes they keep the children
in the forest nearby.
He's referring to the ridge area. sir.
It's not too far from the radio station.
Keep searching for them in the city.
No. sir!
You can go now.
Let's go. Run.
The torrential rain in Delhi
since last night
has disrupted daily life.
Do you remember the last time
we needed guns?
Even a memory pill won't help!
Singh. give them two each.
Here. pass them to your team.
Come on. Take these.
The meteorological department issued
a red alert for the next 24 hours.
One team will head there.
Rest will follow me.
Let's go.
Let's just go.
Babu. what are you doing?
Bloody ten on ten!
Are you crazy?
One should always be stylish even
when coming out of one's mother's womb.
Get in.
Sit. Sit.
The house is empty.
We'll go inside. pick up stuff.
and disappear.
Babu. what if we get caught?
I know we're broke.
but I don't want to end up in jail. Babu.
The gardener tipped me off.
There's no one at home.
Everyone's away at a wedding
in Nalasopara.
The house is empty. there's no one
to call the cops. you idiot.
If you think too much.
you'll die broke.
Let's go.
Hands up!
Hands up.
Your glory days of cracking walnuts
with your butt are long gone. Grandpa.
Down...
Rajjo.
Sit down. bastard!
Tie him up.
Shut up. or I'll knock your knees out.
Madam is a bloody ten on ten!
Anyone else at home. Grandpa?
Babu...
Let go. old man!
Let go!
I haven't done anything!
I didn't even want to come.
This was all Babu's plan...
Let go.
Let go. dammit.
Where the hell were you. Babu?
The old man almost pulled me
into his grave.
Keep this in the backseat.
What!
Who's this?
A kid.
And what's this kid doing here?
Told you. I won't get involved
in any bloody mess.
You won't get anything
for the statue you picked up.
But this kid's father will pay
a fortune for him.
No. no. no.
I'm not doing this.
Let's go. kid.
Let's go home.
-Come on. get up.
-Rajjo...
Rajjo!
No one will go anywhere.
Not him... not you.
Don't cry. child.
Keep this...
See your mom's face.
Be quiet.
Mishra  ji.  come with me.
The rain is relentless.
Don't think it'll stop till morning.
Sir. Control Room has reported that
the children were spotted
near the Cantonment area
hitching a ride with a Sikh man
on a red scooter.
There are two more witnesses.
Raja's tip might be wrong.
The Dog Squad is saying it's difficult
to pick up scents in this rain.
We're not even halfway in.
Miles of jungle are yet to be covered.
We can't even see clearly.
We're stuck because we can't see
the clear picture. Javed.
Let's go.
-Call the witnesses to the station.
-Yes. sir.
-And find that rider of the scooter.
-Okay.
-One team will stay here on the ridge.
We'll resume the search
as soon as the rain lets up.
Okay.
Gather everyone.
Everyone. gather here.
Hurry up.
For a minute. I thought...
I told you.
wherever our children are...
I know they're safe.
Our children will be back. Ashok.
I should've...
I should've dropped them off
at the radio station. Mona.
You should have.
They will be back.
Come on...
Kali. move!